`SideNav` - Add missing "Component API" docs and warning about refocusing behaviour (#1551)
hashicorp/design-system: website/docs/components/side-nav/partials/code/how-to-use.md

#### `ember-a11y-refocus`

By default, the component uses the [ember-a11y-refocus](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-refocus) addon to provide a "navigator narrator" and a "Skip Link" to the navigation (see [the addon documentation for details)](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-refocus#what-this-addon-does).

!!! Critical

**Notice**

> The addon introduces a refocusing behavior **on route changes** that may interfere with the hosting application (eg. unfocusing an active element). For details on how to control this behaviour, see [Customizing the definition of a route change](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-refocus#customizing-the-definition-of-a-route-change).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The addon introduces a refocusing behavior **on route changes** that may interfere with the hosting application (eg. unfocusing an active element). For details on how to control this behavior, see the section about [customizing the definition of a route change](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-refocus#customizing-the-definition-of-a-route-change).
```

> By default the component uses the [ember-a11y-refocus](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-refocus) addon to provide a "navigator narrator" and a "Skip Link" to the navigation (see [the addon documentation for details)](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-refocus#what-this-addon-does).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, the component uses the [ember-a11y-refocus](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-refocus) addon to provide a "navigator narrator" and a "Skip Link" to the navigation (see [the addon documentation for details)](https://github.com/ember-a11y/ember-a11y-refocus#what-this-addon-does).
```
